This is a major release for Nucleus for Sponge API version 7.0 

This was built from Nucleus commit: a1c40d88

## Release Notes

If you're having trouble, visit our Discord channel: https://discord.gg/A9QHG5H

## New Features

### Completely rewritten the Random Teleport system

RTP had loads of problems (the code was _awful_), so I have taken the time to rewrite it. It should be a lot faster now (I found surface teleports 
were rarely failing with the new system!), and is also a lot more extensible for developers who want to use Nucleus RTP with their own tweaks.

#### IMPORTANT NOTE ABOUT RTP CONFIGURATION

**Please note that the config has changed a bit**. Despite my best efforts, some configs may not migrate properly, particularly if you have
surface only warps enabled.

"surface-only" and "center-on-player" options have been removed and replaced with "default-mode". These are (by default):

* "nucleus:default" - the default RTP behaviour, which selects a point around the spawn location
* "nucleus:surface_only" - which selects a point around the spawn location **that is on the surface**
* "nucleus:around_player" - which selects a point around the player location
* "nucleus:around_player_surface" - which selects a point around the player location **that is on the surface**

Please take a moment to check your settings to ensure you get what you want out of RTP when you upgrade.

### Added `/enderchest` support for offline players

Now you can inspect enderchests of offline players, thanks to recent updates in Sponge. You must have the `nucleus.enderchest.offline`
permission, and you must be using a recent version of Sponge. Nucleus will tell you if the version you are using is too old.

### Updated `/speed` command

You may now reset a users' speed by using the "reset" string in place of a speed. The description for the command
has also been updated.

### Added ability to exempt some worlds from "spawn on login"

You can now mark worlds as exempt from the spawn on login action, that is, if a player logs into an exempt world, 
they will not be moved to the spawn point if the spawn on login feature is enabled.  

### Update AFK to allow hiding AFK messages from those in spectator mode

Some of you might use Spectator mode to vanish and spy on people, but then go AFK and ruin the illusion that you aren't there.
Now, you can prevent these messages going to the player base by turning on a setting in the config.

### Add AFK status to `/seen`

As title, you can see the last time someone was active in `/seen`.

## API updates

### Added `NucleusRTPService`

The `NucleusRTPService` allows developers to use the Nucleus RTP engine for their own random location needs! It also
allows developers to create their own location finding routines for use with the Nucleus RTP command. Developers can
create their own `RTPKernel` and register it using `NucleusRTPService#registerKernel`, and then have users add the ID
as `default-mode`.

### Added `NucleusChangeNicknameEvent.Post`

This occurs after a nickname change. It is a read only event.

### Added `NucleusChangeNicknameEvent.Pre`, deprecated usage of base `NucleusChangeNicknameEvent`

Please use `NucleusChangeNicknameEvent.Pre` instead of `NucleusChangeNicknameEvent` in the future.
`NucleusChangeNicknameEvent` will become the base event for both `Pre` and `Post` in v2.0.

## Bugfixes

* Fix incorrect spawn login exemption permission in config comment
* Fix global spawn settings taking players out of jails on login (players will now always be reset to the jail point on login)

## Known Issues

* Sometimes, an incorrect custom prefix might be selected. Nucleus uses whatever the permission plugin hands back, check your inheritance with the permissions plugin.
