## New Features

### Enhanced `/nucleus setupperms`

Setting up permissions. Something no server admin likes to do, so they just give themselves `*`, then things go wrong. Horribly wrong. So wrong 
that they just... disappear when they log into their server once again... like a ghost... only to find that the [wildcard permissions are to blame](https://ore.spongepowered.org/Nucleus/Nucleus/pages/The-Permissions-Wildcard-(And-Why-You-Shouldn't-Use-It)).

Of course, here at Nucleus we try to make it easy for you. `/nucleus setupperms` has been a stable of Nucleus for many a month now - but it turned 
out that it wasn't useful for servers that update - because it _might_ overwrite permissions you set to false.

So... we updated it. Now, `/nucleus setupperms` will not overwrite a permission it detects in your permission plugin, unless you specify the `-r` 
flag. 

But there's more! For those of you that don't want to mess about with pesky inheritance, you can use the `-i` flag to apply the suggested 
permissions for the selected level and all those below it!

BUT WAIT! THERE'S EVEN MORE! This is one for those who setup new servers - if you run `/nucleus setupperms -g`, you can setup the groups "admin", "mod" 
and "default", setup inheritance between them AND setup Nucleus suggested plugins, all with one command! All you have to do is add yourself to your 
admin group after running this command, and you are good to go!
 
This command should work with any permission plugin that implements the Sponge Permission Service correctly. 

### Add ability to force a world's gamemode

By setting `world.enforce-gamemode-on-world-change`, Nucleus will force a player into the world's gamemode on login and during world changes to the
 one specified in the world properties, unless the player has the `nucleus.world.force-gamemode.override` permission. **This is off by default.**

## Bugfixes

* Fixed `/world list` mixing up reporting for `pvp` and `keepSpawnLoaded`
* Fixed `/home limit` not working without a player argument (for self)
* Fixed issue where `/gm c` etc. sometimes sets a player whose name begins with `c` into creative instead of yourself
* Fixed issue where kits could not be deleted
* Updated out of date doc strings

## API updates

There are no API updates in this release