## Advisory: Update to 1.3.6 if you are running 1.3.5

If you are using 1.3.5 please update to 1.3.6 ASAP. There is a potential issue with `setupperms` that could allow
someone to incorrectly assign inherited permissions (the ladder in my code was upside down, so assigning admin perms could
have ended up with ADMIN and NONE permissions being assigned, rather than ADMIN, MOD and USER).

Do not use `setupperms` until you have updated to 1.3.6 

## New Features

### Enhanced Warnings on login for those with wildcard permissions

We get a lot of questions about vanish on login and using the `*`/`nucleus` permission wildcard. We now display a warning upon login
for any user with the `nucleus` permission. This can be disabled in `main.conf` under `check-for-wildcard` if your setup is intended.  

### Added `OWNER` suggested permission set

`/nucleus setupperms` now has an `OWNER` role that gives all permission EXCEPT for those that provide exemptions that are generally not wanted
in most cases. The documentation pages will be updated in due course.

## Minor Adjustments

* `/kit` and `/kits` permissions are now suggested as `USER` permissions, not `ADMIN`. Kit control is now down with the `nucleus.kits.<kitname>` 
permissions, these being `ADMIN` permissions is now redundant
* Removed FastClasspathScanner from dependencies as it is not used any more
* Updated QSML to 0.10.1

## Bugfixes

* Fixed typos in `setupperms`  - thanks to Luck for spotting these issues
* Fixed logic issue when creating a world with a seed - thanks to Minecrell for spotting the issue
* Prevent NPE when deserialising certain kits
* Fix not being able to replace tokens in kits
* Try to enforce disabling the whitelist on the client in case it is accidentally enabled (it should never be enabled)
* Fix incorrect ordering of setup permissions

## API updates

There are no API updates in this release