Nucleus 1.4 is less of a feature release but more of a codebase refresh release. This is to allow us to start preparing for changes anticipated in 
API 8, which will be Minecraft 1.13.

The main goal for this release was to perform some cleanup. This is to add consistency to the codebase to allow for easier updates going forward

## Important Information

After much thought, the following modules within Nucleus will be removed at some point in the future:

* Server Shop
* Warning
* GeoIP

They are not widely used by the community and are not generally maintained within the Nucleus system. Nucleus' goal is to provide an essential 
base of small, useful utilities, not a "kitchen sink", and these modules have fallen into the latter.

Please note: the notes module _may_ be considered for removal later.

These modules will be split into their own plugins in the coming weeks and months and released separately on Ore for those of you 
finding these modules useful. They will contain automatic data migration systems from Nucleus.

**There is nothing you need to do now. They will continue to be maintained in Nucleus until they are officially split off, this will be 
communicated when this is in the future. Work will be done to split the plugins from the Nucleus system so that you can enjoy continuity.** 

The modules will be deleted from Nucleus itself no later than Nucleus 2.0

## New Features

### Added ability to select a bundled translation

We haven't got translations in yet (though a Chinese (zh-CN) translation is in progress), but this will allow you to select a specific translation 
if it is officially available in Nucleus.

This option is at `core.override-language`. The default, as it always has been, is en-GB (UK english).

This is a first step to allowing per-player translations. We are also looking at finding a translation platform. More information will be available
 once we have the system selected, set up and running.

### Added block information to `/blockzap`

Thanks to TheFlash787 on his first contribution, he has added the item name into messages when a block is removed via this command

### Added `/kit rename` and associated API method

You can now rename your kits

### `/tpn` now accepts tab completion

As title, Nucleus now properly aliases the `/minecraft:tp` command rather than acting as a pass through

### Added `/commandinfo`

Allows for inspection of a command, who owns it, and what description it has.

### Removed `/kit command edit` Inventory GUI in favour of the text GUI

It didn't really work, and with books not working fully as intended, it's better to remove the feature (at least for now)

### Remove enchantments using the `/enchant` command

Setting an enchantment to level 0 will remove the enchantment in question from the item in your hand 

### Added `/afkkick`

Want to rid your server of players who aren't playing? This command will do the trick - just be prepared for that angry player who only went to get
a drink...

### Added `-r` flag to `/world border gen`

By adding `-r` to your flags, Nucleus will tell Sponge to restart pregeneration on a world when the server is restarted if it hasn't finished.

Note that the implementation of pregeneration lies within Sponge. Depending on implementation, this may try to pregenerate chunks that have already
 been generated. This is outside of Nucleus' control.

### World deletion now works as intended

`/world delete` now requires that your world is unloaded, not disabled, and should work on any implementation of Sponge.

## Minor updates

* Add some aliases for existing commands
  * Jail module: `/setjail`, `/deljail`
  * Item naming: `/setitemname`, `/resetitemname`
* `/tppos` now accepts decimal co-ordinates and the `~` argument
* Redeeming kits now attempts to put items into the hotbar first
* Improve disabling AI targetting for players who are invulnerable

## Bugfixes

* Fix permission on `/home` limit
* Fix chat template default having a leading space when no prefix is defined
* Fix edge case where an extraordinary number of warps will cause a server hang on tab complete
* Prevent NPEs when trying to write messages when the social spy template is empty

## API updates

### AFK: added method to get players who are AFK

The `NucleusAFKService` now has a `getAfk` method for getting all currently AFK players.

### Kits: Rename kits

The `NucleusKitService` now has a `renameKit` method.